---
title: Welcome to Brothers Community
date: 2023-12-06T04:56:23.095Z
---

We are a group of Brothers, who created this community and selfishly named it
after the brotherly relationship we share.

First of all, ‘Brothers’ is considered a gender neutral term in our community,
man or woman, you’re equal in our community. We use this single term to
represent all of us regardless of our gender, ethnicity and any other
differences. We believe that the gender neutral word also filters away any
undesirable gender attraction it may cause, thus creating a pure relationship
of family we can trust and feel safe upon while amongst strangers.

We’ve always dreamt to create a community of trustworthy people working
together and helping each other out. But we realised that in this hectic world,
everyone is out for themselves and not many are interested in building
relationships that doesn’t benefit them somehow.

Tasting the sweetness of this camaraderie, we understood how hard it is to
build such bonds.

People tend to forget that they’re amassing wealth and positions for happiness
and peace in life. While our community believes that true happiness and peace
in life exists due to the people who really cares for us around us. Thus
building good people to live together with is also essential for us to remain
happy just as much as how we need wealth and status.

In practical life many are forced to abandon their good relationships afraid
that they won’t benefit from it in the long run. We abandon people who were
once very close to us because they aren’t equal to us anymore. Slowly we learn
to build relations only due to the benefits they provide. Relationships become
a trade of benefits rather than the genuine warmth they’re supposed to provide.

While forsaking the relationships that don’t benefit us, we gradually grow
selfish and are bothered about our life alone. And we slowly learn to
relinquish our childhood innocence and the genuine concern we felt for the
people around us. Our life gradually narrows down to a singular unit of
ourselves, unable to gain back the ability to give warmth to others and to
recieve it from others.

Our dream is to create a community of Brothers who are genuine to each other
and retain this warmth and concern between themselves so that all of us can
live a content and peaceful life within such bonds.

We believe that the majority of the people who join this community and seek
it’s services may only look for their own personal benefits. Yet we created
this platform as an initiation where we may meet people of similar interests,
true Brothers who can work together and help each other out. Such bonds are
more precious than any wealth we make. Creating such bonds require lots of
effort by an individual. Thus we use this community as a medium to earn such
people and bonds, to make a large web of people of such similar interests.

Even finding a couple dozen sincere Brothers from the millions of members we
may potentially acquire, shall fulfill our honest dream. Our community was
solely created to find those couple dozen group of people.

I believe nothing in this world can destroy the bonds of such a group of
people. People of the pure heart, devoid of jealousy, selfishness, envy and
pride amongst each other. People who show genuine brotherly concern for each
other. People who are ready to adjust with others and don’t dominate others
with their ego. People who don’t keep grudges towards each other. People who
don’t trample others for their own personal status and ambitions.

We hope that our initiation may rekindle the warmth and concern buried in
people’s heart for one another and they soon reach out to each other as real
brothers.

We look forward to the future, concealed by a veil of fate and believe that our
dream shall be fulfilled one day.

~Brothers Team.
